Add unique-names anchor to fragments docs (#13336)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/data/fragments.mdx

Changes to the `NameParts` fragment automatically update the fields included in any operations that use it. This reduces the effort required to keep fields consistent across a set of operations.

## Unique fragment names {#unique-names}

> Fragment names must be unique across your entire application. If you reuse a fragment name, the `graphql-tag` component will warn about the conflict at runtime to prevent subtle bugs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fragment names must be unique across your entire application. If you reuse a fragment name, the `graphql-tag` library will warn about the conflict at runtime to prevent subtle bugs:
```

Reviewer: Let's also use some of the AI suggestion. We tend to use present tense rather than future tense as well:

```suggestion
Fragment names must be unique across your entire application. If you reuse a fragment name, the `graphql-tag` library warns about the conflict at runtime to help prevent bugs:
```

Author: Fixed - now uses "library warns" with present tense and "help prevent bugs" as you suggested.

```text
Warning: fragment with name SomeFragment already exists.
graphql-tag enforces all fragment names across your application to be unique; read more about
this in the docs: http://dev.apollodata.com/core/fragments.html#unique-names
```

> Always use descriptive, component-scoped fragment names (like `ItemFragment` or `UserProfileFragment`) to avoid name collisions.

Reviewer: While I agree that this is a really good practice to do, I wouldn't make it as strong as "always". Let's soften that a bit to mention it as a best practice.

```suggestion
As a best practice, use descriptive, component-scoped fragment names (like `ItemFragment` or `UserProfileFragment`) to avoid name collisions.
```

Author: Fixed - changed to "As a best practice, use" to soften it.

## Unique fragment names {#unique-names}

> Fragment names must be unique across your entire application. If you accidentally reuse a fragment name, `graphql-tag` warns you about the conflict at runtime to prevent subtle bugs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fragment names must be unique across your entire application. If you reuse a fragment name, the `graphql-tag` component will warn about the conflict at runtime to prevent subtle bugs:
```

1. `accidentally` (as called out elsewhere) achieves the wrong thing. The callers I looked at were **intentionally** using the same term -- they just happened to use it to mean different things which this tool doesn't like.
2. Users (e.g., me) have no idea what `graphql-tag` is. I didn't write `<graphql-tag>foo...</graphql-tag>` or `<graphql>foo...</graphql>`.  We just used apollo. We land here because we used apollo and it spat out an error message. `graphql-tag` is an implementation detail that's bleeding outward.
